# PCCTS / ANTLR 1

Purdue Compiler-Construction Tool Set (PCCTS), a set of public domain software tools designed to facilitate the implementation of compilers and other translation systems.

The canonical source is [polhode.com (maintainer: Tom Moog)](http://www.polhode.com/pccts.html); [this github repository](https://github.com/GerHobbelt/pccts) carries my own derivative (a.k.a. "fork"), which includes a few additional bugfixes and a tweak here & there.

Ger Hobbelt (a.k.a. `[i_a]`)


## License

> (As borrowed from the PCCTS successor: ANTLR 2 -- given that, I felt the most proper "standard" license for PCCTS/ANTLR 1 would be BSD-3...)

We reserve no legal rights to the ANTLR -- it is fully in the public domain. An individual or company may do whatever they wish with source code distributed with ANTLR or the code generated by ANTLR, including the incorporation of ANTLR, or its output, into commerical software.

We encourage users to develop software with ANTLR. However, we do ask that credit is given to us for developing ANTLR. By "credit", we mean that if you use ANTLR or incorporate any source code into one of your programs (commercial product, research project, or otherwise) that you acknowledge this fact somewhere in the documentation, research report, etc... If you like ANTLR and have developed a nice tool with the output, please mention that you developed it using ANTLR. In addition, we ask that the headers remain intact in our source code. As long as these guidelines are kept, we expect to continue enhancing this system and expect to make other tools available as they are completed.

In countries where the Public Domain status of the work may not be valid, the author grants a copyright licence to the general public to deal in the work without restriction and permission to sublicence derivates under the terms of any (OSI approved) Open Source licence.

Terence Parr                <br>
University of San Francisco <br>
2130 Fulton St, HR532       <br>
San Francisco, CA 94117
